chambwi01   – Wilt Chamberlain  
russebi01   – Bill Russell  
ervinju01   – Julius Erving  
birdla01    – Larry Bird  
magicjo01   – Magic Johnson  
abdulka01   – Kareem Abdul-Jabbar  
olajuha01   – Hakeem Olajuwon  
robinde01   – David Robinson  
ewingpa01   – Patrick Ewing  
pippi01     – Scottie Pippen  
malonka01   – Karl Malone  
stockjo01   – John Stockton  
rodma01     – Dennis Rodman  
petrodr01   – Dražen Petrović  
dumasto01   – Joe Dumars  
mournal01   – Alonzo Mourning  
granthe01   – Horace Grant  
anthoca01   – Carmelo Anthony  
onealsh01   – Shaquille O’Neal  
nashst01    – Steve Nash  
garnett01   – Kevin Garnett  
iverson01   – Allen Iverson  
nowitdi01   – Dirk Nowitzki  
parketo01   – Tony Parker  
dunca01     – Tim Duncan  
ginobma01   – Manu Ginóbili  
allenra02   – Ray Allen  
cartevi01   – Vince Carter  
kiddja01    – Jason Kidd  
piercpa01   – Paul Pierce  
bibbymi01   – Mike Bibby  
brandel01   – Elton Brand  
hardepe01   – Penny Hardaway  
mcgratr01   – Tracy McGrady  
hillgr01    – Grant Hill  
rosede01    – Derrick Rose  
stoudam01   – Amar’e Stoudemire  
johnsla02   – Larry Johnson  
arenagi01   – Gilbert Arenas  
battish01   – Shane Battier  
jamesto02   – James Posey  
vanexni01   – Nick Van Exel  
stackje01   – Jerry Stackhouse  
okurme01    – Mehmet Okur  
millemi01   – Mike Miller  
walljo01    – John Wall  
greenje01   – Jeff Green  
millere01   – Reggie Miller  
spricla01   – Latrell Sprewell  
jamesle01   – LeBron James  
bryanko01   – Kobe Bryant  
jordami01   – Michael Jordan  
curryst01   – Stephen Curry  
duranke01   – Kevin Durant  
antetgi01   – Giannis Antetokounmpo  
hardjames01 – James Harden  
doncilu01   – Luka Dončić  
lillada01   – Damian Lillard  
irvinky01   – Kyrie Irving  
bealbr01    – Bradley Beal  
barneda01   – Harrison Barnes  
westbru01   – Russell Westbrook  
porzikr01   – Kristaps Porzingis  
greenra01   – Draymond Green  
lopezbr01   – Brook Lopez  
whiteha01   – Hassan Whiteside  
ballla01    – LaMelo Ball  
wembavi01   – Victor Wembanyama  
halibty01   – Tyrese Haliburton  
derozde01   – DeMar DeRozan  
goberru01   – Rudy Gobert  
bridgmik01  – Mikal Bridges  
ingrabr01   – Brandon Ingram  
murraja01   – Jamal Murray  
vandaja01   – Jarred Vanderbilt  
reavema01   – Austin Reaves  
reidna01    – Naz Reid  
maxeyty01   – Tyrese Maxey  
clarkbr01   – Brandon Clarke  
edwaran01   – Anthony Edwards  
smartma01   – Marcus Smart  
foxde01     – De’Aaron Fox  
banchpa01   – Paolo Banchero  
poolejo01   – Jordan Poole  
aytonde01   – Deandre Ayton  
herroty01   – Tyler Herro  
johnsja02   – Jaren Jackson Jr.  
holidjr01   – Jrue Holiday  
jokicni01   – Nikola Jokic  
paulch01    – Chris Paul  
davisan01   – Anthony Davis  
tatumja01   – Jayson Tatum  
bookede01   – Devin Booker  
leonaka01   – Kawhi Leonard  
georgpa01   – Paul George  
willizi01   – Zion Williamson  
youngtr01   – Trae Young  
embijoe01   – Joel Embiid  
butleji01   – Jimmy Butler  
